I'm going to show you how I keep my side
shape maintained so what I use is this
little tiny thing here I mean it's it's
it's for beards for men's beards so they
can trim it and stuff that's really
small I find that it works or they get a
huge losing bulky obviously you have a
better chance of going further than the
line here or the line that you have in
the back I use a number three guard the
reason I do that is because I don't like
the look of being completely like bald
on the side I think it's just a little
too much for my own taste and then I
have a nice sharp pair of scissors
I love these scissors have no idea it
makes them where I got them from I've
had them for a bajillion years but
they're they're awesome especially for
doing hair stuff because they're very
it's like very crisp I know that it
makes sense but anyways please um and
that's pretty much it
now when I get closer to the back I'll
pull my hair like this and kind of hold
it especially because I can't really see
behind my ear and I hold it just it to
keep nice and taut so I don't have any
strays that go into the area where I'm
cutting
you
you're doing the side shape for the very
first time when I first did this I cut
it to about here it's about right there
and then I wanted to go a little bit
further back and I wish I had as far as
how it looks it didn't make a huge
difference but as far as maintaining it
it did not being able to see behind my
ear leaves me with little you didn't see
here where some of the hair started to
grow out cuz I can't reach it and I
don't want to go that far and end up
messing up the line that I have or
whatever so I rather have that little
piece and then risk it um obviously if
you have someone at home who can help
you that'd be fantastic alright so when
I get closer to the edge here this to me
is the hardest and scariest area and so
you're gonna see how I do it use my hand
to block it best I can and I go when I
do it you'll see me go in an up
direction so that I'm not grabbing on to
these hairs
you
okay so I've gotten as close as I'm
comfortably willing to go
and I use a painter so I had a
paintbrush that I wasn't using I don't
never use them this big so but I found
that it works really well with trying to
get the little hairs off of my face and
my ears so I come back with my scissors
now what I do especially because my hair
is so dark I'll kind of turn this way so
that the light is hitting me and I can
see the little strands sticking up here
that probably won't make too much sense
until you're actually doing it but if
you just kind of move your head around
in a sort of angle you can kind of see
the little pieces that are that the
razor didn't get
all right there you have it